..
  This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported
  License.

  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode

.. note::

  Blueprints are written using ReSTructured text.

=====================================
Template: The title of your blueprint
=====================================

Introduction paragraph -- What is this blueprint about?

Links
=====

Include pertinent links to where the work is being tracked (e.g. Storyboard),
as well as any other foundational information that may lend clarity to this
blueprint

Problem description
===================

A detailed description of the problem being addressed or solved by this
blueprint

Impacted components
===================

List the Airship components that are impacted by this blueprint

Proposed change
===============

Provide a detailed description of the change being proposed. Include how the
problem will be addressed or solved.

If this is an incremental part of a larger solution or effort, provide the
specific scope of this blueprint, and how it fits into the overarching
solution.

Details of changes to specific Airship components should be specified in this
section, as well as interaction between those components.

Special attention should be given to interfaces between components. New
interfaces shuld attempt to follow established patterns within Airship, or
should be evaluated for suitability as new precedent.

If this blueprint changes testing needs or approaches, that information
should be disclosed here, and should be regarded as part of the deliverable
related to this design.

If this blueprint introduces new functionality that requires new kinds of
documentation, or a change to the documentation processes, that information
should be included in this section.

Security impact
---------------

Details of any security-related concerns that this proposed change introduces
or addresses.

Performance impact
------------------

Analysis of performance changes that are introduced or addressed with this
proposed design.

Alternatives
------------

If other approaches were considered, include a summary of those here, and a
short discussion of why the proposed approach is preferred.

Implementation
==============

If known, include any information detailing assigned individuals, proposed
milestones, intermediate deliverable products, and work items.

If there are Assignee(s) or Work Items, use a sub-heading for that
information.

Dependencies
============

If there are any dependencies on other work, blueprints, or other things that
impact the ability to deliver this solution, include that information here.

References
==========

Any external references (other than the direct links above)
